# Troubleshooting

A list of common issues and their solutions are presented below.

## Can't see topics over WiFi

If you cannot see any topics over WiFi, firstly, ensure you have connected to the WiFi network generated by the robot (probably called `go2` with the password `hotspot123`). The following criteria must also be met.

- `ROS_DOMAIN_ID = 0`
- `RMW_IMPLEMENTATION = rmw_cyclonedds_cpp`
- CycloneDDS version 0.10.2

If you still cannot see the topics, check that CycloneDDS is using the correct interface. Run `echo $CYCLONEDDS_URI` to see whether it points to a file or contains the configuration itself. Then check that the `NetworkInterface` tag has the name of the interface which is connected to the `go2` network. You may need to run `ros2 daemon stop` then `ros2 daemon start` for the changes to take effect.

## Can't see topics over Ethernet

If you cannot see any topics over Ethernet, check that you are connected to the robot. Try to ping `192.168.123.18` and check the destination is reachable.

If this connection works, ensure that the wired connection on your laptop has a static IPv4 address by disabling DHCP, setting the IPv4 address to `192.168.123.222` and the subnet to `255.255.255.0`.

The ROS installation must also meet the requirements below.

- `ROS_DOMAIN_ID = 0`
- `RMW_IMPLEMENTATION = rmw_cyclonedds_cpp`
- CycloneDDS version 0.10.2

If you still cannot see the topics, check that CycloneDDS is using the correct interface. Run `echo $CYCLONEDDS_URI` to see whether it points to a file or contains the configuration itself. Then check that the `NetworkInterface` tag has the name of the interface which is connected to the robot. You may need to run `ros2 daemon stop` then `ros2 daemon start` for the changes to take effect.

## Can't view ROS messages over WiFi

There is a current known issue that prevents consistent viewing of messages sent via ROS over WiFi. If you run `ros2 topic echo /<TOPIC>` and the output hangs, it is likely the WiFi adapter bandwidth is saturated and packets are being dropped. This is a problem we are currently working on. If you must view the topics, use Ethernet.
